=== 1.5.0 (TBD)
Note: this release and other iudex 1.5.0 upgrades are at this time
considered experimental or an "alpha" by comparison to 1.4.0

* Expand to >= 1.4.0, < 1.7 iudex-* dependencies.

=== 1.4.0 (2013-10-29)
* Add Agent.raise_on_run flag for testing
* Ensure executor/VisitManager shutdown on failed Agent.run_safe (for
  example on filter chain factory errors.) Jetty 9 uses executor
  threads at startup so this is now important.
* FilterChainFactory.last_visit_setter and page/feed keys extended to
  conditially include handling of reserved, instance fields based on
  set (by Agent) WorkPoller reserve?, instance properties as configured.
* Add config example of WorkPoller do_reserve and instance settings.
* Add VisitQueue.max_access_total config eaxample.
* Update config_jetty_http.rb sample for client 1.4.0 (jetty 9.x)
* Upgrade to iudex-* ~> 1.4.0 dependencies
* Upgrade to minitest ~> 4.7.4 (dev)

=== 1.3.2 (2012-11-8)
* Upgrade/narrow to iudex-core, -da, -rome, -html, -simhash ~> 1.3.0
* FetchHelper.create_content_fetcher now prefers an options Hash,
  exposing settings for :types, :client, :user_agent,
  :request_headers, etc. and passing additional options to
  create_chain (:filters, etc.)
* Various updates to FilterChainFactory and config sample using new
  options, etc.
* Upgrade to logback ~> 1.5

=== 1.3.1 (2012-10-25)
* Improve shutdown reliability by adding Agent.run_safe with ensure'd
  close calls.

=== 1.3.0 (2012-10-4)
* Expand to iudex-core, -da, -rome, -html, -simhash [1.2.1,1.4)

=== 1.2.1 (2012-9-15)
* Drop redundant keys() calls in FilterChainFactory,
  create_update_filter.
* Upgrade to logback ~> 1.2

==== 1.2.b.0 (2012-3-4)
* Upgrade to tarpit ~> 2.0, bundler Gemfile, gemspec (dev)
* Fix agent http tests by checking deeper than package name loaded via
  bundler/gemspecs

=== 1.1.0 (2011-11-13)
* Update to iudex-core, -da, -rome, -html, -simhash ~> 1.1.0
* Changes for VisitManager, VisitCounter, RedirectHandler, Revisitor
* Use ContentTypeSet in ContentFetcher
* Generalize Agent to for all three HTTP clients; all are now
  optional/dev dependencies
* Add iudex-char-detector ~> 1.1.0 dep and use CharDetectFilter in
  FCF.page_receiver
* Improved setup error logging in Agent
* Enable :main listeners in filter_chain_factory
* Update to minitest ~> 2.3

=== 1.0.0 (2011-04-04)
* Initial release.
