=== 1.4.0 (TBD)
* Work order reservation and experimental concurrent (no replace) work
  polling support:
  * Add WorkPollStrategy.discard hook in support of un-reserving a
    replaced VisitQueue.
  * VisitManager and GenericWorkPollStrategy changes for discard and
    support of false shouldReplaceQueue
* VisitManager.doWaitOnGeneration default true as this is a safety
  requirement when replacing the queue. When not replacing the queue
  no wait occurs.
* Add VisitQueue.maxAccessTotal and associated waiting to avoid over
  committing to too many concurrent HTML requests when using an
  asynchronous HTTP client and many independent domains are
  available. By default there is no limit, but recommended to set this
  to some multiple of the VisitManager threads.  For an example of the
  problem this avoids: full HTML parsing can saturate a single CPU
  and will cause some number of, say, 600 concurrent HTTP requests to
  timeout given insufficient CPU/threads to handle pending reads into
  memory.
* Add pre-set, dynamic REQUEST_HEADERS support to ContentFetcher. Any
  request headers found here override the staticly set headers at
  initialization.
* Update TLDSets based on upstream 06c405ba54b3 2013-09-17
* Upgrade to iudex-* ~> 1.4.0 dependencies
* Upgrade to minitest ~> 4.6.2 (dev)

=== 1.3.1 (2012-11-15)
* Fix bugs in using/preserving configuration with explicit :type
  specified (new in 1.3.0)

=== 1.3.0 (2012-11-8)
* Add DomainKey with optional :type to support configuring of
  a :domain,:type specific HostQueue
* Add VisitQueue.config( options ) extensions for cleaner
  configuration of HostQueue with type, rate, etc.
* Update TLDSets based on upstream c61f326ad19f 2012-10-25
* Upgrade to gravitext-util ~> 1.7.0
* Upgrade to slf4j ~> 1.7.0, logback ~> 1.5 (dev)
* Misc java logging simplifications with slf4j 1.7 varargs
* Expose GenericWorkPollStrategy.log()

=== 1.2.1 (2012-9-15)
* Upgrade/narrow to gravitext-util ~> 1.6.1
* Upgrade to slf4j [1.6.5,1.8), logback ~> 1.2 (dev)
* Add DateChangeFilter.setChangeCutoff (Matt Sanford)
* Update TLDSets based on upstream 102932f46b8a 2012-09-14
* Expand the iudex.util.Charsets mappings per whatwg. (Matt Sanford)
* Fix Ruby 1.9 compatibility issues

==== 1.2.b.1 (2012-7-22)
* Add missing C0 controls to Characters.isCtrlWS

==== 1.2.b.0 (2012-3-4)
* VisitURL now throws SyntaxException on missing scheme, host, bad
  ports and some other URL malformations.
* MojiBakeMapper optimization, no copy when nothing found.
* Upgrade to gravitext-util ~> 1.6.b (beta)
* Upgrade to tarpit ~> 2.0, bundler Gemfile, gemspec (dev)

=== 1.1.0 (2011-11-13)
* Update to iudex-filter,http,barc ~> 1.1.0
* ContentFetcher updates for iudex-http changes
* New MojiBakeFilter, MojiBakeMapper with config table loading support
* Replaced VisitExecutor with asynchronous client compatible
  VisitManager
* Visit/HostQueue acquire/release for concurrecy and per host settings
* VisitQueue uses VisitURL.domain (registration level) host keys
* New VisitCounter interface
* New RedirectHandler and Revisitor filters for direct redirect
  handling with filter access
* VisitURL.resolve for redirect support
* Drop now redundant RLDomainFilter and RL_DOMAIN key
* Add domain to iudex-url-norm output
* Add encoding confidence map to ContentSource (supports encoding
  detection)
* Add U+2060 WORD JOINER to Characters.ctrlWS list
* Update to minitest ~> 2.3
* Update to gravitext-util ~> 1.5.1 (for UniMap.toString)
* Update TLDSets based on upstream 9411dffc948b (2011-09-02)

=== 1.0.0 (2011-04-04)
* Initial release.
